A  how to buy


 1. Download a crypto Wallet
There are several crypto wallets to choose from within the Solana network.

-solflare
-exodus
-atomic wallet
…

 If you are using a desktop computer, you can download Google Chrome and the wallet Chrome extension. If you prefer using your mobile phone, you can download the wallet via Google Play or the iOS App Store if it’s available. 


 2. Set up your Wallet
Register and set up the crypto wallet via the wallet’s Google Chrome extension or via the mobile app you downloaded in Step 1. You may refer to the wallet’s support page for reference. Make sure to keep your seed phrase safe, and take note of your wallet address. 

 3. Buy SOL as Your Base Currency
Once your wallet is setup, you can login to any crypto exchange platform, like Binance, Bybit etc. (once you are registered)

 4. Send SOL From crypto exchange you chose to Your Crypto Wallet.
Once you buy your SOL, go to your wallet section and look for the SOL you purchased. Click on withdraw and fill up the required information. Set the network to Solana, provide your wallet address and the amount you want to transfer. Click the withdraw button and wait for your SOL to appear in your Wallet.

 5. Choose a Decentralized Exchange (DEX)
There are several DEXs to choose from; 
https://dexscreener.com
https://www.geckoterminal.com/pl
…

You just have to make sure the wallet you selected in Step 2 is supported by the exchange.


 6. Connect Your Wallet
Connect your Wallet to the DEX you want to use by using your wallet address from Step 2.

 7. Trade Your SOL With the Coin You Want to Get
Select your SOL as the payment and select the Luigi Mangione as the coin you want to acquire.

 8. If Luigi Mangione Doesn’t Appear, Find its Smart Contract
If the coin you want does not appear on the DEX, you can refer to https://explorer.solana.com/ and find the smart contract address. You can then copy and paste it into Raydium. Beware of scams and make sure you got the official contract address. 

 5XyKkFaJpAmsH4Tf2EFj3S61W3hC5cJhxNZQQ5h1pump

 9. Apply the Swap
Once you are done with the previous steps, you can click on the Swap button. From deciding where to buy Luigi Mangione to making the purchase, your crypto transaction is now complete!